It's hard to believe that something as simple as
stating what you're worried about while
tapping on a few acupuncture points
can have a profound impact on how that issue
impacts your life, but it can.
Philip Mountrose and his wife Jane
have co-authored several books and CDs
on a healing modality known as
"The Emotional Freedom Technique."
The reason we did this interview is because
it is the most often-requested subject by our viewers.
Millions of people have been helped by this simple,
profound, and free technology.
What I found interesting is that it goes against
what some healers feel is the proper way
to use affirmations.
(gentle music)
Give us a thumbnail sketch of what EFT is.
The reason I contacted you is because so many of our
viewers have requested that we do an interview
regarding EFT, so some of the people are familiar
with it, some have never heard of it before,
so on behalf of all of us, what is it?
EFT stand for Emotional Freedom Techniques,
which seems to be a good name for it,
because it does have a lot to do with being
emotional and connecting with your emotions
and becoming freer, and it's a technique that's a very
simple, easy to do technique, we can show it in a couple
minutes, easy intervention, remarkable things can happen
from doing this little acupressure tapping technique,
I just demonstrated four of the points, that's ...
A child can do it, and children have done it with
successful results, so it's an acupressure,
not an acupuncture, there's no needles, there's
just fingers, a tapping technique combined with
affirmations for clearing virtually anything.
It could be psychological, emotional, sometimes physical,
and of course, as people know, those are connected,
in fact they're often very connected, and if people
just do EFT for physical things, sometimes remarkable
things happen, but you want to go deeper
if you want to get the emotional, psychological,
spiritual core of issues, and you can use EFT for that
as well.
Now, I've seen you speak and do a little
demonstration to the audience, and you're right,
it does seem like it's very direct, very simple,
but I think what myself and others will be
interested in here is, how is it possible that something
that simple, working with intention and acupuncture
meridians go so deep?
Can you tell us a bit of the science background,
and then science behind it?
A bit of the background, it's based on the ancient
eastern Meridian System, this twelve circuits that
go through your body, and these tapping points,
the seven major tapping points in EFT are related to
the organs and meridians by certain names,
your gall bladder and your bladder meridian,
and your stomach meridian, and these are key points
that get congested with stress, and
blockages on all levels, namely spiritual,
mental, emotional, physical.
So when you have something that bothers you,
it affects your thoughts,
affects your emotions, and stresses your body,
and these key points are where there's
congestion, like freeways coming together,
are major intersections, blockages, that jam up,
and by tapping the points with the intent of releasing
the specific blockage, for instance, if you're angry at
your boyfriend because of how he criticized you,
that's a specific, and the more specific you get,
usually the better.
"Because he criticized me for the way I made the meal."
That's real specific yesterday, and that specific blockage,
which generalizes and related to other things,
is contained within your system, your system being
all the levels of your system.
Again, psychological, mental, emotional, spiritual,
and you free these up by tapping and releasing the
energy in them, and it's not totally understood,
of course, science ...
Because you're working with quantum science
in the end, where everything is.
And if you ask scientists, "Why are things happening
"the way they are?", doctors, they don't really know
the bottom line either about a lot of it because,
if it all comes down to energy, you get to a certain
logical, logistical point, and science is useful,
and then you go beyond that and you're in
uncharted territory, but it works, that's why it's so
popular and why millions of people around the world
have used it successfully.
Can we talk about the person that founded
this technique, his name, Gary Craig,
and can you talk about him a little bit?
Is that true, did he originate this,
or did he popularize it?
Well, let's just go one step before who taught
Gary Craig, it was a man named Roger Callahan,
therapist, still a man alive today, older man,
he was, pioneering therapist, knew that the
meridian somehow affected the energy,
and with a client who had a water phobia, fear of water,
he said, "Let me try something.",
tapped this point, it's a stomach meridian point
because you would become nauseous when
thinking about her water phobia.
And so, lo and behold, this actually cured her
phobia permanently, by tapping this one point.
I consider it a miracle, and more cosmically,
we were ready for this amazing technology
to come into existence.
Now, it's not always as simple as tapping one point.
Roger Callahan then developed protocols,
a series of tapping points, these ...
basically, these seven points particularly,
these key acupressure points, and he would work with
addictions, and depressions, and many thing that had
remarkable results so much, in fact, that he became
bankrupt at a certain point, because he would go through ...
or virtually bankrupt, because he would go through his
clients so quickly, because he was so successful.
(laughs)
Ironically, in a way, the more successful you are
in this culture with healing ...
The less money you make.
Well then, you know, the person isn't with you
for six months or a year.
Right, as it should be.
As it should be.
And that's the way it should be, however,
he was quite entrepreneurial, he started charging
people quite a large sum of money for these
weekend seminars, what he called it, Thought Field,
TFT, Thought Field Therapy, and one of his students
who took his ten thousand dollar weekend was
Gary Craig, an engineer, and Gary Craig figured that
he could systematize, and simplify, and get an
universal overhaul technique of Roger Callahan's
various tapping techniques, and the essence boiled down
to seven pressure points, some of which I've
just showed you again, and ...
and an affirmation.
Instead of having different points for different problems,
which, although simple, it's a little more confusing to
figure out which series, which protocols for which problems,
so just do seven points, tap 'em all for any problem,
Gary Craig said, called it Emotional Freedom Techinques,
EFT, and then you don't have to figure out which points,
if you maybe only had to tap two or three, you see,
but to tap seven points, it makes it easier.
And this was around, Gary Craig was around 1990s
that he came out, the early 1990s,
Roger Callahan just early 1980s, we're talking about
something that's very new, very revolutionary
for what people thought was possible, and now a
proliferation of energy therapies, as this is called,
energy healing, but if you haven't heard about it,
it almost sounds too good to be true because it's
so simple and yet so effective, and so many people have had
incredible results from phobias, weight problems,
pain, insomnia, improving performance,
the list goes on and on.
Maybe this would be an appropriate time,
before we get into other questions about it,
to give people a little idea of what it looks like,
and how you might utilize it, so maybe take the
example you gave of someone being upset because
their boyfirend criticized them, let's stick with that one
for any women watching here that have boyfriends that
criticize them, and we'll do it the way you would do it
in real life, the way you would demonstrate it,
the way you would do it if you were practicing it.
Sure, and let me take it from an example of a
case history of a woman that I helped with this,
and she was annoyed at her boyfriend because he
wasn't environmentally sensitive.
Okay, I can appreciate that. (laughing)
(laughing) Lot of people, heads are nodding watching this.
So, you start off with an affirmation, and there's
a couple places where you can rub or tap,
one is called a karate chop point, which is right here
at the heel of the hand, another one is a point
a few inches down and out from the collarbone,
and out towards your shoulder, either or both sides,
and you find a little tender, sore spot,
and you rub that in a circle, or you're
chopping, your karate chop point,
and you say an affirmation, in this case,
the woman said, "Even though I was annoyed
"at the way my boyfriend didn't recycle, I can still
"love and accept myself."
That's what we call the basic setup affirmation
where you start, and coming up with an affirmation
can be very helpful to get it specific, okay so ...
I'm noticing these aren't the exact points
that you show in your seven.
Yeah, this is a different point.
We have where there's a collarbone point we're
gonna tap in just a minute, but this is actually
a different, a lymph node spot, so you get a little
extra healing just by doing this, too, and the intent
is very important as well, so she's
remembering that time he didn't recycle, okay.
So you say it three times, that's the classic way,
generally out loud if you can, just to focus.
Okay, so she would say...?
" Even though I was annoyed at the way my boyfriend
"didn't recycle, I can still love and accept myself,
"even though I was annoyed at the way my boyfriend
"didn't recycle, I can still love and accept myself."
You can vary it, "Even though I was really annoyed,
"and couldn't stand the way my boyfriend was insensitive,
I can still love and accept myself."
This isn't set in stone, you kinda get a feeling.
So now you've been rubbing that
particular lymph node point.
Okay, and you did it three times, this is the
classic way to do it, it's not fixed.
Okay, and then you'd start tapping the seven points
with a reminder phrase, a reminder phrase being
this issue or this annoyance, and by the way,
before you do that, it's good to measure the intensity
of the issue, that's sometimes called a SUDS,
or Standard Unit of Distress-Level Self-Assessment.
And how do you do that?
Between one and ten, ten is total,
you'd say, "What is it?", and she said it was about six,
my memory serves me, this annoyance was six out of ten,
and people tend to know it, even if they don't,
they just guess it, they know this.
Okay, so then you tap the seven points, saying the
reminder phrase, you don't have to go through the
long affirmation, you say, "This annoyance..."
and we're tapping the first point by the eyebrow,
sort of the beginning of the eyebrow,
you may feel sensitivity,
and then the temple point,
and then under the eyes, these are all correlated
to key acupressure points.
now is she
holding a thought at this time, or is she ...
Each time you say this annoyance, this annoyance,
this annoyance, this annoyance, this is the lower chin,
not the crease or the bottom, right below it,
you'll feel kind of sensitive, and then the collarbone,
there's a bone like a collar underneath your neck,
and there's little ridges underneath that,
there's some little indentations there that might be
tender too, kidney point, kidney meridian point.
Okay, so you're tapping that and saying, "This annoyance,"
and the last point is sort of under the arm
four or five inches, it can be sensitive if you touch it,
but usually you tap with your whole hand,
so you're gonna find it, and you say, "This annoyance."
Obviously that just took a few seconds, could take ...
You just say, "This annoyance., nothing else?
Nothing else, the reason why you say, "This annoyance,"
is you're still focusing on clearing, you're giving your
mind, body the message that you want to clear this,
and it's like clearing the traffic,
you're saying, "We're clearing this convergence
"of major freeways, everyone move here, here, here.",
we're focusing on the task at hand.
Okay, and after you do that, that's one round of the
basic EFT general overhaul standard sequence,
you assess again, and she looked at, she assessed,
and she said, "Hmmm, it's about four now."
So went from six to four, that's about a 30% decrease,
that's good, just one round of tapping in this example.
Sometimes it'll go away in one round, sometimes
amazing, huge things can go away in one round.
Gary calls it "one minute wonders", but that's not
necessarily typical, but it may only take two or three
or four rounds, too.
Okay, now you check back and see if something else
has risen, from this issue.
In other words, is she still simply annoyed
at her boyfriend, and yeah, okay, so if she was,
she can say the affirmation, "Even thought I have some
"remaining annoyance, I still love and accept myself."
or just start tapping and saying, "Remaining annoyance,"
I'm doing the seven points, "Remaining annoyance,
"remaining annoyance, remaining annoyance,"
and it looks kind of strange, "Remaining annoyance,"
"Remaining annoyance, remaining annoyance,"
and take a deep breath.
Okay, so it went down another two points for her,
so it's down just to two out of six.
And then sometimes you have a little bit,
it may be hard to completely get rid of it in some
people's cases, and that's because there might be
what's called psychological reversal, PR,
psychological reversal.
That's a kind of an underlying, sabotaging belief, in our
emotions, our "Getting Through To Your Emotions" books,
we have a list of common sabotaging beliefs about a problem.
Let's give an example of what might be
underlying that in her case.
Well, in her case, it was she didn't believe
she could actually get rid of the problem that easily.
Uh-huh (affirmative)-, which is a common...
Common problem.
problem in this
culture, which the left brain says, "Eh,
"I can't believe it."
"I can't believe it.", because if you're not familiar
with these kind of profound, sometimes incredibly
rapid transformational healing techniques that
virtually anyone can do, you might say,
"Well, traditionally it doesn't seem feasible.", you know?
It's like Roger Callahan working with the lady with
the water phobia for a year, and then tapping point
and it's gone, that doesn't sound possible.
So that's a sabotaging belief, or, "I don't want to,
"there's something in me that doesn't really want to.",
or, "I'm not willing to get rid of the problem.",
or, "It's not safe to get rid of the problem.", there's
a series of possibles, there's sort of a checklist
in our books of sabotaging beliefs that you could be
holding onto.
So then you change the affirmation,
remember the affirmation, "Even though I was annoyed
"at my boyfriend"?
You change it to, in her case,
"Even though I don't think it's possible to get rid
"of this problem so easily, I can still love and accept
myself, even though I don't think it's possible.",
because that's another thing ...
I would think that would accompany,
be underlying a lot of people's fears, anxieties,
anger, et cetera.
Absolutely, and after doing this, this belief, or just
saying, "this belief", or "this issue", or, "this problem,"
and then she was fine.
How do you know you're fine?
Well, you're fine when it's neutral,
when it's a non-issue, so ...
Has no charge left.
It has no charge.
Gary Craig and I work with people like post-traumatic
stress, for instance, this can work remarkably well
when, again, all else seems to not do much,
and this Vietnam veteran that I work with,
just thinking back to this case,
and after an hour, there were three different
post-traumatic stress strains that we cleared,
and the different aspects, the different parts,
because they may go to different, related issues
in different emotional problems related to the one
issue, kind of like peeling the layers of the onion,
deeper ones, and he felt neutral to the same things,
so if you ask him the same, "And when you think about
"that incident in Vietnam, how are you now?"
and you go, "I'm fine."
whereas an hour ago, "I'm very stressed
"and it's very disturbing to me.", because the subconscious
mind is living in a timeless place,
as you may know, so therefore,
it's the same for him in that part that
was in Vietnam 40 years ago as it is today,
it hasn't changed.
Right, hasn't changed, I understand,
and that's true of all of us with all of our trauma,
from birth forward.
Yeah, anything, so the neuroscience has shown
that the brain reacts the same way as if it's still
happening, so anywhere where your life isn't working,
EFT is a wonderful tool to start an intervention because,
unless you're lucky enough to grow out of it,
it's gonna just stay there, stuck, repressed, and it
could even get worse, and it could go into physical things.
One thing I'm curious about is, in a lot
of the different modalities of self-improvement and
healing, when it comes to affirmations,
some schools will say, "You never speak of the problem,
you only speak of the end result, the solution,
and you focus on that."
Here, you're saying to very much bring alive the problem,
can you talk to that for a moment?
Sure, a good analogy would be, say you have a room
in your house that you'd like to renovate, you'd like to
make it prettier, you'd like to fix up your garage,
that might be (chuckles) a lot of people can relate to it.
So let's say that we just make this room incredibly
beautiful, bring in all the furniture, furnishings you want
and everything, but we don't clean out all the junk.
Makes total sense.
So that's what just sometimes ... I think it's sometimes
a weakness or a blind spot of some New Age approaches
to things where you're just bringing in the light,
and I don't have any inner child problems, and everything
is fine, and it doesn't seem to bear out in reality,
it doesn't seem to actually be accurate reality check
for the spiritual path, because part of it is
learning those things, and teaching us things.
We did an interview with Hale Dwoskin
of the Sedona Method recently, and he was saying
the exact same thing, you really do have to confront
and deal with the stuff that's in the closet.
Right, yeah.
Before you can start laying any
kind of new foundation.
Sure, you really need to do both, and that's where,
when my wife and I, who is my partner, Jane,
we realized many decades ago that the spiritual growth,
it was integral to do the healing.
We were at (mumbles) School, and
you would observe negative emotions.
Now, observing negative emotion is good, but not doing
anything to clear them just basically represses them,
and so we had a lot of repressed emotions,
and people around us, because you were observing
all these things, and you didn't know what to do with it.
It's like a hot potato, just hold it and let it get hot
and burn, and just (mumbles), so it just comes out,
and that stuff stays with you until you do something,
and EFT is one of the most amazing interventions
that we have discovered, that has come into
mankind's access, so the reason why it's so popular
is because it works well, and it's very easy.
Men even like it, it's sort of like carpentry work,
just hammering these little points, so it appeals to
the male brain, and the left brain too.
Well, it doesn't require a person to go
into an endless meditation that may be
difficult for them to access.
Correct.
It's very direct.
Now, the actual technique, which you showed us in
a couple of minutes (laughing), people can ...
you can find them online with step-by-steps,
and it does seem to be very accessible, very simple.
However, you've written a couple of beautiful books
about EFT, what are you filling the pages with there?
Right, so what we shared with the viewers is something
that wouldn't take many pages, and you could find it
online or in our books, that's a small part of the books,
just the basic techniques, and there's a lot of
little subtleties and things keep being discovered,
so people who really would like to learn more about it,
it's well worth studying some of the subtleties and details.
However, to go deeper, which is really our goal,
my wife and I, our goal of helping people fulfill their
potential, requires more depth.
So for instance, one of the techniques in our
"Getting Through To Your Emotions" DVD Two,
the second one, a woman has clutter in her closet,
which many many many people have clutter,
that's a common problem, and it's more than just the
external, of course, there's internal things related,
and we did one of our deeper techniques that we
share in our first book, the
"Getting Through To Your Emotions" book, it's called
"The Breakthrough Process", to break through to
a deeper level, so you combine these deeper guided
visualizations, simple but very elegant, direct,
going deeper in a very soulful, precise way,
accompanying the person's needs,
and she cleared out some emotions from childhood,
some sadness, some things that were repressed,
some things that were stuck from a long time ago,
emotionally, that got represented
externally in her cluttered closet, so after the
video taping of the process in the DVD Two, now,
we asked Carol a few weeks later, "Well Carol,
"how's it going, how's your closet?" and so forth,
she said, "Great, I cleaned out my closet and
"I got a divorce."
Oh, goodness, yeah you had better watch
what you ask for, right?
So we're not saying it's always going to be that
radical, but what it is, it helps you go to the deeper
cores of your life, which, if you really want to progress
after a certain point, you have to go further, you have
to embrace yourself at a deeper level.
So this really requires a)courage,
and b)a dedication to the pursuit of your own continued
progress and refinement over your life
if you really wanna delve more deeply into this,
is that just what you do in your books?
Right, in another one of our books,
"Getting Through To Your Soul", which has another
powerful technique called "Spiritual Kinesiology",
just as powerful as EFT, but we talk about, in that book,
the spiritual activations where people grow on the
spiritual path, the ways of defining that, and at a
certain point, people want to become more empowered,
and that becomes their leading drive, some people
watching that, and this is a wonderful way, EFT,
to empower yourself, to find different ways to see,
externally, how your life can fall into place more,
how you can accomplish more, maybe achieve
certain goals more.
After that, it starts to go deeper within,
and you want to find out the areas of yourself
that aren't working, and no longer is tolerable
to ignore, or repress, or deny certain, say,
inner child issues or things that cause you to
act out, act out like a little child,
angry, sad, et cetera, and that deeper embracing
would drive someone to want to clear that,
and the great thing is EFT is such a wonderful tool,
combined with the Getting Through technique,
it's those deeper techniques we write about
in our books, and the CD is very good for self-healing
yourself, the Getting Through Your Motion CD,
so you can just play it, we call it a therapist in the box,
where you just are guided to go deeper, and then at
a certain point when you know deeply what's going on,
then you do the EFT, because the key is not so much ...
the tapping is very easy, understanding the specific,
deep issues can be a little more ...
take a little more probing.
Speaking of which, a lot
of these issues for people are painful,
now if you're supposed to be bringing
these feelings forth with clarity as you're
doing this technique, what happens with people
in terms of avoidance, because they don't necessarily
want to go back and feel those things
that they're trying to clear?
Right, and it seems to be that EFT naturally brings
them up, so say, if a person is saying, "I'm feeling
"kind of strange right now.", just say, "Even though
"I'm feeling kinda strange," and just go through that,
"Even though I'm not sure where this is going."
Whatever is on your mind, "Even though I'm afraid
"to find out about this, even though I'm becoming
"very uncomfortable even looking at this,
"I can still love and accept myself."
So whatever comes up, these aspects,
tap on them, and the reason why we have the deeper
Getting Through techniques, it's a very specific road map
to finding out precisely what's going on,
and one of the ones we call "the Holistic Process",
and you map what's going on physically, emotionally,
mentally, spiritually, let me just give you an example,
and this is about buffering things, and men may
have more problem going deeper than women,
just as a general term, not always, because men don't
want to wear their heart on their sleeves,
and they're programmed, especially in the United States,
to be sort of warrior culture type things,
women to a degree, too.
Okay, so the fellow is concerned about confronting
his boss about some issue that he had with the company.
So that was the issue, so on the physical level,
he feels a tension in his third chakra, in his gut,
so that's the physical, it's a holistic process.
Now, what's he feeling emotionally?
We say the next question you would ask,
"Well, what's that like emotionally?"
Well, there's some concern, there's some worry,
there's some apprehension.
Okay, so there's some emotion.
Fear.
Fear, and then the third level is the belief,
connected below that is a belief about the world.
Well, what's it like when you're feeling stressed about
talking to your female boss, and
you have that worry, fear, apprehension,
what's the world like?
What do you believe, what's it look like from that place?
Not your entire being, but just when you're in that place.
And Lou said, "Well, it seems like a very limited place.
"It seems like a place that I can't succeed.
"It seems like a place that problems are going to happen,
"It seems very boxed-in and limiting."
And the deeper level, the fourth level, is the judgment
level, and this is where it's often very protected.
So at that deeper level, he went into what we call
a buffer, that this is a little roadblock,
a little deviation, sometimes people don't want to
feel quite that deeply to respond to your question,
and he popped out of the process, and he said,
"Everything is fine, I can handle it."
Sounds like a good, manly thing to say.
"Right, I can handle that."
True, yes, you can, but we're trying to heal
the wounded part, that's the process of this,
so looking at it deeper, he felt like he might
be a failure, that something's wrong with him.
So what I want the listeners to get right now, to ...
what's the word, defuse so this isn't such a problem,
this idea of shame, wherever your life isn't working,
there's usually a lot of shame and judgment, maybe always.
And that's why it's necessary
to go through that part.
It might, it might be necessary to go that deep,
just to totally get it and heal it, it's like the child's
crying and wounded in the corner, and is feeling
terrible and like it's no good, you have to go there
and embrace the child, and really love the child,
and go maybe the whole distance.
We're not talking about much time if you follow
this holistic process, it's just written out in the
books and the CD, so just follow, listen to the CD,
and it'll ask you the questions.
Or watch it in the DVD, how to do it.
So at that point, he could just say whatever affirmation
fit that, "Even though I feel like I might be a failure,
even though I'm afraid to confront my boss,"
whatever, but he knows now deeply what it is in the core.
So at that point, he can really clear deeply,
instead of just doing the EFT and saying, "Even though
"I have this fear to confront my boss."
and that's why a lot of people who read our
books and stuff say, "Gee whiz,
"I've tried EFT and it doesn't work.", but they
haven't done the deeper Getting Through techniques,
so they come to us individually for a phone session
or whatever to really get at the core issues.
Mm-hmm (Affirmative)-, walk them through it.
But they can do it a lot of times just on the CD
or reading the steps in the book, just follow along,
that's why, partly, we wrote it.
How much of the fear that people are
experiencing, because I assume there's basically
love and there's fear that, when you're getting
underneath everything, you got just a couple of
really, really powerful forces going on,
so let's say that a lot of this has to do with fear
on some level, even anger has to do with fear.
How is the fear of change, meaning, "I've come here,
"Yes, I'd like to get a little bit of help because I don't
wanna feel this way any more.",
but what percentage of ... how often do you see
that yes, people want to change as long as it's easy,
and it's quick, it's not too uncomfortable,
and it's not major?
What happens when it turns out all of your feelings
are predicated on something, as you say, much deeper?
Well, it's really easy if you have
the right vehicle and the right context.
So if someone came to me, or really read our books
or things, and wanted to go deeper, it's all there.
There's a roadmap of easy and elegantly,
and there's ways of getting support not only from
the materials, but they could go into, visually,
the people or talk to people who know EFT, it's
so widespread, so there are support networks
on a lot of different levels.
So, I think the challenge is, previously,
"What would I do? How would I do it?
"How would I get help? What am I going to find?"
If someone says, "Well, here's a roadmap,
"here are guides to help you."
and it's completely reasonable, in fact, your life will
work a lot better without all these fears cracking you down,
there's a lot of incentive to go further.
I agree with that, but then, like the woman
who cleared the clutter and got rid of a husband too,
you have to be ready for the repercussions of really
opening the Pandora's Box.
Well, it could be opening ...
Opening the Pandora's Box is like saying the shadow.
The shadow is already operating, so it's really shining
light on what's really happening, and where
your life isn't working, so going back to the
all the shame-faced stuff that, where our life
doesn't work, it's already there, and once you're
at that spiritual place, you want to go further.
If you don't want to go further, you're not even
probably watching this.
This is very true.
This is going to be of very cursory interest
to the person, but if you really want to go deeper,
here are tools, and here are the path,
and at a certain point it's almost hard not to,
so it's a natural place, and this is a great way to do it.
And that is very true, I think most everybody
watching this interview shares one thing in common,
if they've arrived at our site, they're probably ready for
a shift in thinking or change, and this certainly sounds
like a profound vehicle in which to
start stimulating that kind of change in your life.
Is there any kind of final thought you want to
share with us in wrapping up, or a story that's
particularly special to you before
we sign off here?
Well, I think I feel really blessed that we came across
the EFT, it was kind of miraculous, the things that've
come our way by following your deeper purpose,
which is really our purpose to help people follow
their deeper purpose, and to have that
have a vehicle like EFT to clear things is really
a miracle, a blessing for everyone that
anyone can do it, children have gotten remarkable
results, too, so the whole face of the world will change,
because if we want change, if peace indeed is the way,
we need to start inside, as we know,
so how do you start inside?
Well, this is one of the best ways you can start within
easily, inexpensively,
very effectively, so it's well worth,
I think, investing any time or effort into it, because the
results are pretty extraordinary, as virtually millions
of people around the world now know.
Thank you.
(gentle music)
You can delve further into this work by clicking
on the link below.
Along this line of paying due diligence to our
thoughts and emotions, you might also want to take
a look at our interviews with Dr. John Demartini,
Robert Tennyson Stevens, and Hale Dwoskin
of the Sedona Method.
Until next time, thanks for watching.
(gentle music)